off the start and it was a great getaway
for shakey Byrne the railing
championships started on the line that
was clearly out in front with Alex laws
way to the brothers they went into
couples on the first love rather wild
food to drop it down feel like Josh
Brookes challenging at the gun soldier
Chris Berg
spaniard champion Josh waters threw him
in the Milwaukee Yamaha across the field
yamaha second and the birth shakey Byrne
read to blue
a little bit of Douglas in the air
manager
Chris Walker in third place for a drive
naturally
Josh Brookes followed his way though and
Chris had someone rejected at the back
well then fully eject it please father
touches the white light on down big time
wearing shakey Byrne now set the cat
levers the great warning flag goes out
the safety goggles out of four
expires money
Josh Brookes begins to recover as the
weather gets better so does Brooks he
cuts through excitonic slowly and it's
finally a last effort by the titles
easily they don't want to the final
circle he makes a brilliant move through
the complex but despite losing is
outside
the final
the slight wide loses his chance shakey
Byrne retaliates the kissing ferry to
the Java the clerkship a but it's shaky
bird race on
superbikes
learn nice article
you